[Music]
and Robert Altman's Nashville is five
days in the lives of 24 unforgettable
people that's a lot of characters so
listen closely Lily Tomlin is a gospel
singer who strays just a bit when she
has a one night stand with Keith
Carradine a hot young rock singer ned
beatty is her husband who doesn't
suspect a thing
Henry Gibson is the number one country
and western singer who's being tempted
to run for governor
his sidekick Barbara Baxley drinks a bit
and talks a lot and his Sunday feel is
sort of attracted to Geraldine Chaplin
who plays a starstruck reporter from BBC
TV Ronnie Blakely is the adored singing
star in the verge of a breakdown Allen
Garfield is the husband trying to save
her life and her career Scott Colan is
the quiet soldier who worships her from
afar and Karen Black is the rifle singer
who dresses like a sweet little prom
queen but don't let that for you Michael
Murphy is the campaign manager who
promise anything especially to Gwen
Wells a waitress who dreams of being in
the spotlight
and may have to do a lot of things she
never dreamed of to get there
Robert dokie is the one man who tries to
tell her the truth Shelley Duvall is the
wide eyed groupie doing what all
groupies do so well Keenan Wynn is the
uncle who doesn't understand this wild
girl in the sequined hot pants David
Hayward is the sensitive young boy who
answers the room for rent sign and who
has a big surprise in store for everyone
Christina Raines is the female singer in
a trio who's married to one of them
Allen Nichols but spends a lot of time
with the other one and david arkin is
the chauffeur who knows all the inside
stories and is ready to tell them
Timothy Brown is a black singer who's
made it but not everybody is happy about
that breath Jeff Goldblum is the psycho
freak who's everywhere the action is
vibra Harris is the would-be superstar
who's running away from husband Bertram
son who's chasing her through the wild
to Nashville
Nashville is about a lot of things and a
lot of people see all 24 of them in the
outrageous things they do in Robert
Altman's Nashville
robert opens nashville movie that is the
damnedest thing you ever saw
[Music]